capital = 622

oob = "PRC_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.8

recruit_character = PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_kwong_hu
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_gao_qiu
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_otto_braun
recruit_character = PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_hsia_tian
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang

save_global_event_target_as = WTT_communist_china

declare_war_on = {
		target = CHI
		type = civil_war
}
declare_war_on = {
		target = GXC
		type = civil_war
}
declare_war_on = {
		target = XSM
		type = civil_war
}
declare_war_on = {
		target = SHX
		type = civil_war
}
declare_war_on = {
		target = SIK
		type = civil_war
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 93
	democratic = 6
	neutrality = 1
	fascism = 0
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	service_by_requirement
	tot_economic_mobilisation
	PRC_soviet_influenced_communism
	PRC_maoist_ideals
	PRC_unorganized_people_liberation_army
	PRC_everlasting_revolt
	PRC_inadequate_industrial_power
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }

add_opinion_modifier = { target = SOV modifier = large_increase	 }

SOV = {
add_opinion_modifier = { target = PRC modifier = large_increase	 }
}